README.md, before:

# Antigravity WSL Setup Script

One-command automation script to get [Google Antigravity](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/introducing-googles-new-development-environment-antigravity/) working seamlessly with Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Download and run
curl -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smaxiso/antigravity-wsl/master/setup-antigravity-wsl.sh | bash
```

Or download and run separately:

```bash
# Download
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smaxiso/antigravity-wsl/master/setup-antigravity-wsl.sh

# Make executable
chmod +x setup-antigravity-wsl.sh

# Run
./setup-antigravity-wsl.sh
```

## ✨ What It Does

The script automatically:

1. ✅ **Creates `agy` symlink** - Launch Antigravity from WSL terminal
2. ✅ **Patches Antigravity config** - Uses correct Google remote extension
3. ✅ **Copies helper scripts** - Auto-detects and copies from VS Code
4. ✅ **Enables mirrored networking** - Fixes browser subagent connectivity

## 🔧 Features

- **Auto-detection** - Finds your Windows username automatically
- **Self-Healing** - Includes `antigravity-repair` tool to fix broken setups automatically
- **Idempotent** - Safe to run multiple times
- **Backups** - Creates `.backup` files before modifying
- **Validation** - Checks prerequisites and verifies patches
- **Colored output** - Easy-to-read progress indicators

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Windows 10/11 with WSL 2 installed
- Google Antigravity installed on Windows
- VS Code with WSL extension (optional, for helper scripts)

## 📝 Manual Setup Guide

For a detailed step-by-step guide with explanations, see my blog post:

**[How I Got Google Antigravity Working Perfectly with WSL](https://smaxiso.web.app/blog/google-antigravity-wsl-guide)**

The blog covers:
- Why this setup is needed
- What each step does
- Detailed troubleshooting logs

## 🔄 Updates & Maintenance

### Setup broke after update? (Repair Tool)
Antigravity updates often break the WSL server or revert configuration changes. We've included a repair tool specifically for this.

If you see errors like:
> `remote-cli/antigravity: not found`
> `Remote Extension host terminated unexpectedly`

Run the repair tool from your WSL terminal:
```bash
antigravity-repair
```
Then restart WSL (`wsl --shutdown`) and try again.

### Re-running the Setup
The main setup script is also safe to re-run at any time to re-apply patches:
```bash
./setup-antigravity-wsl.sh
```

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

**"No Internet Connection in WSL"**
If Antigravity can't download the server, or `curl`/`git` fails, your WSL DNS is likely broken.
1. Check `/etc/resolv.conf`. If it has a dynamic address, replace it with Google DNS:
   ```bash
   # Temporary fix
   sudo bash -c 'echo "nameserver 8.8.8.8" > /etc/resolv.conf'
   ```
2. See the [blog post](https://smaxiso.web.app/blog/google-antigravity-wsl-guide) for the permanent fix involving `/etc/wsl.conf`.

**"Download Error" for Browser Extension**
If the browser subagent fails with a generic error, strictly follow these steps:
1. Manually install the [Antigravity Chrome Extension](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/antigravity-browser-exten/eeijfnjmjelapkebgockoeaadonbchdd).
2. Ensure `.wslconfig` has `networkingMode=mirrored`.
3. Restart WSL.

**"agy command not found"**
- Add `~/.local-bin` to your PATH:
  ```bash
  echo 'export PATH="$HOME/.local/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc
  source ~/.bashrc
  ```

**"Exec format error"**
- This usually means you have a broken symlink pointing directly to the .exe instead of the wrapper script.
- Run `./setup-antigravity-wsl.sh` again to fix it automatically.

## 📜 License

MIT License - feel free to use, modify, and share!

## 👤 Author

**Sumit Kumar** ([@smaxiso](https://github.com/smaxiso))

- 🌐 Portfolio: [smaxiso.web.app](https://smaxiso.web.app)
- 📝 Blog: [smaxiso.web.app/blog](https://smaxiso.web.app/blog)
- 💼 LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/smaxiso](https://linkedin.com/in/smaxiso)

## 🙏 Credits

Inspired by [Dazbo's original guide](https://medium.com/google-cloud/working-with-google-antigravity-in-wsl-944c96c949f3) on Medium.

---

**Found this helpful?** ⭐ Star this repo and [share the blog post](https://smaxiso.web.app/blog/google-antigravity-wsl-guide)!

Commit message:

fix: Enforce Linux line endings and sanitize repair tool download

README.md, after:

# Antigravity WSL Setup Script

One-command automation script to get [Google Antigravity](https://developers.googleblog.com/en/introducing-googles-new-development-environment-antigravity/) working seamlessly with Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).

## 🚀 Quick Start

```bash
# Download and run
curl -L https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smaxiso/antigravity-wsl/master/setup-antigravity-wsl.sh | bash
```

Or download and run separately:

```bash
# Download
wget https://raw.githubusercontent.com/smaxiso/antigravity-wsl/master/setup-antigravity-wsl.sh

# Make executable
chmod +x setup-antigravity-wsl.sh

# Run
./setup-antigravity-wsl.sh
```

## ✨ What It Does

The script automatically:

1. ✅ **Creates `agy` symlink** - Launch Antigravity from WSL terminal
2. ✅ **Patches Antigravity config** - Uses correct Google remote extension
3. ✅ **Copies helper scripts** - Auto-detects and copies from VS Code
4. ✅ **Enables mirrored networking** - Fixes browser subagent connectivity

## 🔧 Features

- **Auto-detection** - Finds your Windows username automatically
- **Self-Healing** - Includes `antigravity-repair` tool to fix broken setups automatically
- **Idempotent** - Safe to run multiple times
- **Backups** - Creates `.backup` files before modifying
- **Validation** - Checks prerequisites and verifies patches
- **Colored output** - Easy-to-read progress indicators

## 📋 Prerequisites

- Windows 10/11 with WSL 2 installed
- Google Antigravity installed on Windows
- VS Code with WSL extension (optional, for helper scripts)

## 📝 Manual Setup Guide

For a detailed step-by-step guide with explanations, see my blog post:

**[How I Got Google Antigravity Working Perfectly with WSL](https://smaxiso.web.app/blog/google-antigravity-wsl-guide)**

The blog covers:
- Why this setup is needed
- What each step does
- Detailed troubleshooting logs

## 🔄 Updates & Maintenance

### Setup broke or Fresh Install failed? (Repair Tool)
Antigravity updates (or fresh installs) often fail to download the server, leaving behind broken `.tar.gz` files, or they revert configuration changes.

If you see errors like:
> `remote-cli/antigravity: not found`
> `Remote Extension host terminated unexpectedly`
> `ERROR 404: Not Found ... failed to download ... .tar.gz`

Run the repair tool from your WSL terminal:
```bash
antigravity-repair
```
Then restart WSL (`wsl --shutdown`) and try again.

### Re-running the Setup
The main setup script is also safe to re-run at any time to re-apply patches:
```bash
./setup-antigravity-wsl.sh
```

## 🐛 Troubleshooting

**"No Internet Connection in WSL"**
If Antigravity can't download the server, or `curl`/`git` fails, your WSL DNS is likely broken.
1. Check `/etc/resolv.conf`. If it has a dynamic address, replace it with Google DNS:
   ```bash
   # Temporary fix
   sudo bash -c 'echo "nameserver 8.8.8.8" > /etc/resolv.conf'
   ```
2. See the [blog post](https://smaxiso.web.app/blog/google-antigravity-wsl-guide) for the permanent fix involving `/etc/wsl.conf`.

**"Download Error" for Browser Extension**
If the browser subagent fails with a generic error, strictly follow these steps:
1. Manually install the [Antigravity Chrome Extension](https://chromewebstore.google.com/detail/antigravity-browser-exten/eeijfnjmjelapkebgockoeaadonbchdd).
2. Ensure `.wslconfig` has `networkingMode=mirrored`.
3. Restart WSL.

**"agy command not found"**
- Add `~/.local-bin` to your PATH:
  ```bash
  echo 'export PATH="$HOME/.local/bin:$PATH"' >> ~/.bashrc
  source ~/.bashrc
  ```

**"Exec format error"**
- This usually means you have a broken symlink pointing directly to the .exe instead of the wrapper script.
- Run `./setup-antigravity-wsl.sh` again to fix it automatically.

## 📜 License

MIT License - feel free to use, modify, and share!

## 👤 Author

**Sumit Kumar** ([@smaxiso](https://github.com/smaxiso))

- 🌐 Portfolio: [smaxiso.web.app](https://smaxiso.web.app)
- 📝 Blog: [smaxiso.web.app/blog](https://smaxiso.web.app/blog)
- 💼 LinkedIn: [linkedin.com/in/smaxiso](https://linkedin.com/in/smaxiso)

## 🙏 Credits

Inspired by [Dazbo's original guide](https://medium.com/google-cloud/working-with-google-antigravity-in-wsl-944c96c949f3) on Medium.

---

**Found this helpful?** ⭐ Star this repo and [share the blog post](https://smaxiso.web.app/blog/google-antigravity-wsl-guide)!
